MAKEMAPS
--------

NOTE: Normally, you do not need to use any files from this directory. If you
are looking for ready make character set maps for various charset, you will
find them in the bin\ subdirectory of the MsgEd TE source archive.

This directory contains all you need to create FSC 0054 - compliant
readmaps.dat and writmaps.dat files from scratch, probably because
you want to add some character set or fix bugs.  Please read FSC
0054 before doing anything here.

The .CHS files are human-readable files that describe a charset  conversion
table.  If you want to write your own conversion tables, simply look at the
existing ones to find out what syntax is used in these files.

Then you have to compile the makemaps utility.  Usually, something like
"cc -o makemaps.exe makemaps.c" will be sufficient to create the program.

In  order  to  create  a set of readmaps.dat and writmaps.dat files, invoke
makemaps as follows:

  makemaps <charset-name> <table1.chs> <table2.chs> ...

Where <charset-name> is the name of  the  charset your maps files are being
built for (usually IBMPC if you are running OS/2,  DOS  or  Windows,  and
LATIN-1 if you are running Unix or AmigaOS; in the Russian world CP866 if
running OS/2, DOS or Windows, LATIN-5 if running a commercial Unix, and
KOI8-R if running Linux or FreeBSD.).

You  have  to  specify  all  files  to be included on the command line, and
makemaps does (for  portability  reasons)  not  support wildcard expansion.
Therefore, you'd best invoke makemaps with bash or another unix-like  shell
that does wildcard expansion on its own:

  ./makemaps LATIN-1 *.chs

Makemaps  will  only  include  those files that actually are useful for the
specified charset.  Therefore it is  no  problem  that for the command line
example above, also ibm_mac.chs would match.  Makemaps  would  simply  skip
this  file,  because it is not helpful for character translation from or to
the Latin-1 charset.

Note that the .CHS files are textfiles (if you transfer them with ftp, use
"asc"), while the readmaps.dat and writmaps.dat are binary files that must
be transferred with "bin".

[EOF]
